readme: add a new example code (#3)
swiftwasm/awesome-swiftwasm: README.md

* [swift-web-github-example](https://github.com/swiftwasm/swift-web-github-example) - Demo project built with SwiftWasm that utilizes the GitHub search API.
* [swift-webpack-template](https://github.com/swiftwasm/swift-webpack-template) - Kickstart your Swift, WebAssembly and webpack.js project.
* [SwiftWebUI-WASM-CFs](https://github.com/1amageek/SwiftWebUI-WASM-CFs) - An example of a SwiftWebUI project deployed to Firebase Cloud Functions.

> * [Swift + Web Assembly](https://github.com/hassan-shahbazi/swiftwasm-go)- Use Swift + Web Assembly in a Go application. 

Reviewer: This is fantastic! Just a nitpick here:

```suggestion
* [Swift + WebAssembly](https://github.com/hassan-shahbazi/swiftwasm-go) - Use Swift + WebAssembly in a Go application. 
```
